Add "Restrict Secret Access" part (#955)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.9/operate/cluster.md

| KEDA_METRICS_LEADER_ELECTION_LEASE_DURATION  | Metrics Server | LeaseDuration    |
| KEDA_METRICS_LEADER_ELECTION_RENEW_DEADLINE  | Metrics Server | RenewDeadline    |
| KEDA_METRICS_LEADER_ELECTION_RETRY_PERIOD    | Metrics Server | RetryPeriod      |

## Restrict Secret Access

> By default, KEDA requires adding `secrets` to clusterrole as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, KEDA requires adding `secrets` to the cluster role as following:
```

```yaml
- apiGroups:
  - ""
  resources:
  - external
  - pods
  - secrets
  - services
  verbs:
  - get
  - list
  - watch
```

> However, it might lead to security risk especially in production environment, since it will grant permission to read `secrets` from all namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this might lead to security risk (especially in production environment) since it will grant permission to read `secrets` from all namespaces.
```

To restrict `secret` access and limited to KEDA namespace, you could add `KEDA_RESTRICT_SECRET_ACCESS` as environment variable to both KEDA Operator and KEDA Metrics Server:
```yaml
env:
  - name: KEDA_RESTRICT_SECRET_ACCESS
    value: "true"
```

> Now you could remove `secrets` from clusterrole, then pls. use `ClusterTriggerAuthentication` instead of `TriggerAuthentication` for your triggers.

Reviewer: This is a bit of an odd sentence, what about this?
```suggestion
This allows you to omit `secrets` from the cluster role which will disallow `TriggerAuthentication` to be used for your triggers. You can, however, still use `ClusterTriggerAuthentication`.
```

> This allows you to omit `secrets` from the cluster role which will disallow `TriggerAuthentication` to be used for your triggers. You can, however, still use `ClusterTriggerAuthentication`.

Reviewer 2: Will any `TriggerAuthentication` or only whose use secrets? I mean, will a `TriggerAuthentication` with a pod identity fail?

Author: Yes, I will update this
